Add create astro command to 5.0-beta blog post (#1259)
withastro/astro.build: src/content/blog/astro-5-beta.mdx

yarn add astro@beta
```

> To start a new project using v5-beta, use the `create astro` command for your package manager:

Reviewer: Elsewhere in the blog post it always says “5.0 beta”, should this be consistent?
```suggestion
To start a new project using the 5.0 beta, use the `create astro` command for your package manager:
```
